All right guys we're getting there in this video we're going to take care of our single post pages.
So let's create a new file in our theme folder and we're going to call this single dot ph p.
And now if I was to click on read more to go to a single post you'll see it's completely blank.
All right.
Now what are you going to do is I'm going to go to the HVM template we created and open up single HVM
out.
And we're going to grab it's actually before we do that.
Let's open up index ph P And We want this section and we also want to get better and get faster.
So it's paced that and
so
I like that.
All right now we're going to want the while loop to start up at the top because we want the title to
be in the title section.
All right so let's say ph P while
have posts
to the post
and while
and then let's see in here we're going to want the title.
So we'll say ph P for the title and then this here will be the excerpt.
And let's see what that looks like.
OK good.
Now let's go to single age here now and we're going to grab.
Let's see this div and there.
Copy that and put that in single ph P right here and see what that looks like.
OK.
So this is all static content.
So what we're going to want to do here
is let's put in the image first of PH P The Post thumbnail
that should give us the image OK.
And we should probably wrap it in an IF statement to make sure there is actually an image so we can
do that with.
Has post thumbnail
.
Now the matter I'm going to copy from index P P.
OK that div class matter right here
and piece that or replace this div.
All right.
And then we'll have our title
and then we'll have the content
.
OK so now this stuff is all dynamic.
Now for the sidebar we're going to want to check to see if there's a sidebar widget and we're going
to actually put this above where we have the four column dev like that.
And then it's going to end
here.
All right.
And now what I'm doing is making it so that if there's no side bar widgets enabled then this is going
to be full with OK the main area will be full with let's see.
So inside of the welded I'm going to take everything out.
And we're just going to paste in our dynamic sidebar function
right now and to make it full with we're going to grab this if statement and go up at the top k where
we have this a column div and we're going to say if there is a sidebar then this is correct.
We want the eight columns.
All right but if there isn't
then we want 12 columns because we want it to go all the way across.
All right.
And then we can end that.
All right so let's go ahead and take a look reload.
Ok now it goes across the whole thing because there's no sidebars.
Now we want this image to be in the middle so let's go to style C Ss and
see where is it.
Here let's go blog post
and then we also want a single blog post image
.
We're going to set margin.
Auto.
And what's with to 100 percent.
There we go.
OK.
So that's the single page.
Well actually we need to add the comments section as well so go back to single page P and go down to
where we have the content.
We'll put a line break and then we'll save ph P comments template save k we might as well create our
common speech file.
We've handled the comments pretty much the same in all of our projects.
We're using a custom template.
And then just styling it a little.
All right.
Now templates very simple this is actually taken from the documentation.
OK so if you want to copy that will save it and then I'm going to quickly just add our styles.
So let's go to style C Ss down to the bottom and paste in our styles
.
And now we have our comments section.
Now we're going to do the pages OK if we click the About page it's just showing us index ph P We don't
want that.
We want to create a new file and call it page dot HP.
And now that should go blank.
OK.
And let's copy what we have in single ph P and paste that in.
And then we're just going to change a couple things we'll get rid of this post has done now we'll get
rid of the meta div since it's a page and let's change this class to single page type of content.
Those can stay Common's template will get rid of that and the sidebar thing this will stay the same
.
Yeah let's try that.
OK.
So there's our About page.
We can actually get rid of this title because we have it up here.
So.
Get rid of that note.
Yeah yeah.
All right.
Services should look the same.
All right so everything's coming together.
So now let's take care of the widgets we have these for widgets we need to add in.
So let's open up functions that ph P and we'll go right down here and we're going to paste this in.
OK so we have a function called F.C. in widgets passing in an ID we have our first widget which is a
sidebar before the would you were going to have a div with the class of side widget.
All right the titles will be in H-3.
Then we have footer 1 through footer for basically before the widget we'll just have a div and the title
will have an H-3.
OK we're going to use the widgets in Hook in our ADD action down here and we'll save that.
All right.
Now before we deal with the footer widget let's let's do the sidebar so if we were to go through the
about page and you see it's full width because we don't have any sidebar widgets so let's create some
for go to reload and go to appearance widgets and we'll get the categories.
Put that in the sidebar.
Save that and then let's get archives.
Save that.
Now if we go back and reload now we have our Sidebar widgets.
All right cool.
If we go to a single blog post we should also see them.
Good.
Now for the Forder widgets.
Let's go to Forder dot PDP and what we're going to do is just replace this stuff.
This will be the first widget I'm going to copy the content here or cut it.
We don't need the title.
And what we'll do is we'll go to our back in widget area and bring a text widget to foot our one piece
that in hopes that's on it.
Paste that in.
So be about us.
All right.
And then in here we're going to paste this in.
OK we're going to check for love.
For one widget if it's there we're going to display it.
All right let's take this next one.
Actually I'm going to copy this and replace that.
This is going to be for two and this one here will be for three
and this one obviously will be for our four.
All right now I'm going to copy this I-frame and then delete it delete the hatting
save it and then let's put a text widget in footer for and that's where our eye frame will go.
All right foot or two is going to have the categories widget
and then four or three will have recent posts.
All right so let's go back and reload.
And now these are coming from our widgets.
So that's going to do it in the next video we're going to create our gallery